Microservices + Spring boot interview 3 years experienced

1. What is the logging system do you use in your application ?
	a. how do you configure it in your app from scratch ?
2. What is dependency management in spring boot and how does it help us ?
3. If you have mismatching dependencies in your application , what happens ?
4. How do you solve that manually ?
5. Can we disable the default server in the spring boot ? and how do you do that ?
	Yes, it is possible to disable the default web server in a Spring Boot application.
	By default, Spring Boot uses an embedded web server (like Tomcat), but it's possible to disable it by setting the property spring.main.web-application-type to none in the application.properties file.
	Once we disable the webserver , our application can't recieve http requests.
6. How do you disable a specific class or bean from auto configuration ?
7. Difference between rest controller and controller ?
8. Which types of data formats we can return with Rest controller ? is it only JSON ?
9. How do you return XML format from rest controller ?
10. Difference b/w request mapping and get mapping ? and in which scenarios they should be used ?
11. Difference b/w war and embedded containers ?
12. Can we use environment variables in Spring boot application code level ?
13. What is the significance of spring boot dev tools property ?
14. How do you test the spring boot application ?
15. Can you explain the detailed steps of testing spring boot application from scratch ?
16. What is the purpose of unit testing in software development cycle ?
17. What is the code coverage rule in your organisation ?
18. What is significance of @SpringBootTest annotation ?
19. What is purpose of pom.XML file in the spring boot application ?
20. What is the significance of @ComponentScan and @Bean annotations in spring boot ?
21. How can u programmatically determine which profile is currently active ?
22. What is significance of @Configuration annotation in spring boot ?
23. What are different log levels and significance of them ?
24. What is the use of spring boot starter parent ?
25. What are the REST API best practices ?
26. What will you keep the status code if you successfully delete a record in your DB ?
27. What is the significance of 400 series status codes in HTTP codes ?
28. Why do we need multi threading in some of our applications ?
29. What are some of best practices in Collections while you use them  in your application ?
30. How to test a static method ?
31. What is the use of interface and how does it help us ?
32. How is multiple inheritance achieved in Java ? What is daimond problem ?
33. What is difference b/w abstract class and interface ?
34. Did you ever use design patterns in your projects ?
35. Can you explain Liskov Substitution principle ?
36. Which one is better, constructor injection or setter injection ? and why ?
37. What is the static keyword ?
38. Can a static block throw exception ?
39. Can we override and overload a static method ?
40. What is the significance of final keyword in java ?
41. Can we modify a final object reference in java ?
42. How do you handle exceptions in your application ? What are strategies and best practices practices in your  app ?
43. Can you share some custom exception names in your application ?
44. Can you brief on java memory model ?

Coding Q's
1. Given an array of integers , remove duplicates and make that unique ?
2. How do you sort an array of integers ?
3. Which algorithm does collections.sort() internally ?
4. How do you find a number is prime or not in fastest way ?
5.