1. How to apply code changes without restarting the server in a spring boot app (hot reload concepts)
2. If a request goes through API Gateway → Controller → Service → Database and is taking too much time, how would you optimize and improve performance?
    DB Layer - Indexes on frequent queries, 
               avoid select * - get only required columns,
        	   avoid N+1 quries
			   Use Pagination
			   Maintain Hikari CP connections
			   Hibernate caching (first level and second level)
			   Read - write DBs [ Write to primary DB and read from child DBs]
			   
	Service Layer: 1. Use Caching for idempotent request
				   2. Async processing
				   3. Use Projections instead of getting whole entity
				   4. Use circuit breakers and fallback mechanisms
	
	API Gateway : 1. Load balancer and horizontal scaling.
				  2. Centralized security and authentication mechanisms.
	
	Metrics     : 1. First identify where slowness is there using logging.
				  2. Optimize accordingly.
				  3. JVM level tuning
3. How does @Transactional work ? What are common mistakes and catches with it ?

4. What do u know about ISO8583 ?
5. How do u find a file in sub directory ?
6. Explain Maven lifecycle ?
7. Explain Spring Bean lifecycle ?
9. Why is main method static in java ? Why is it public void ?
			What is the use of String[] args params in main method ?


11. How can we make Kafka producer idempotent ?
12. In pom.xml, what is the use of tag <DistributionManagement> ?

Spring Boot

1. What is Optimistic Locking ? Why do we neeed it and what problem does it solve ? 
		Follow up : What is the use of @Version ?
					What is pessimistic locking and when it is preferred ?
2. How do you handle concurrent requests in your spring boot app ?
		Discuss about Tomcat server thread configuration.
3.  What is the use of Settings.xml in spring boot projects?
4. Your API must handle duplicate requests - how will you ensure idempotency?


KAFKA

1. What happens if consumer fails in receiving message ?


Micro services 

1. How do you maintain consistency in database in your spring boot micro services architecture ?

      - Discuss about eventual consistency, saga, Cqrs, 2 phase commit dps and idempotency in spring boot. 

2. How do you implement spring security in distributed micro services ?


               
  
